# Steps for coding projects

1. Understand the problem statement
2. Research
3. Planning
4. Writing


## Problem statement
>You'll write some automation scripts that will process the system log and generate a bunch of reports based on the information extracted from log files.
>
When the service runs correctly, it logs an info message to syslog, stating what it's done, the username, and the ticket number related to the event.

The developers of the service want two different reports out of this data. 

### Report 1

Ranks errors generated by the system. This means a list of all error messages logged, and how many times each of them was found, not taking into account the users involved. They should be sorted by the most common error to the least common error.

### Report 2
Captures usage statistics for the service. This means, a list of all users that have used the system including how many info messages and how many error messages they've generated.
This report should be sorted by username.
### visualization 

To visualize the data in these reports, you want to generate a couple of webpages that'll be served by a web server running on the machine. To do this, you can make use of a script that's already in the system called **csv_ to_html.py**.
This script converts the data in a CSV file into an HTML file containing a table with the data.

Then, put the files in the directory that's used by the webserver to display the web pages. The goal is to have one script that can get all the necessary work done automatically, every day without any user interaction.

This script can call on other scripts to do individual tasks and then put the results together. split the task so that each piece can be written and tested separately